hi guys today I'll be showing you how to
put my contact lenses in so why don't
wash your hands I already did and then
you're going to want to put a towel over
the sink so not if it will fall in and
that your contact won't fall in the
thing if it does fall going to follow
the towel so and you're gonna wanna pull
this is going so I actually have them in
right now next going to take one out
like so this I contact they are green or
non-prescription so usually i already
put solution here so you can have like
this and you pull your eye down is slip
is you see the don't blink just let the
bottom will go with a couple times and
they go into place same for the right
one and if it does feel weird they did
you know what's backwards if it that is
just like well like there's a couple
times go like this and then for find
like minded because if you have weird
and now it doesn't someone sit on this
want to put it back it I think I you
just pinch it same procedure you open
your eyes
like a couple time come into place dear
really that's like that's like the only
way i get my contacts in I can't put
them in another way and some people just
say just open up your eye like this and
just a clear answer I can do that My
Contacts won't latch on like that so i
hope this video helped you on how to put
contacts in thank you very much